LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, MY FIRST
GUEST TONIGHT IS AN EMMY-WINNING
COMEDIAN WHO CREATED "THE
OFFICE" AND "EXTRAS."
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO THE SHOW,
RICKY GERVAIS!
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
>> HELLO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
OH, WOW.
THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: NICE TO SEE YOU
AGAIN.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
>> MY PLEASURE.
>> Stephen: YOU LOOK GOOD.
( LAUGHS )
( LAUGHTER ).
>> OH, THAT WAS REAL.
THAT WASN'T SARCASM, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: YOU LOOK GOOD.
>> I'M WEARING BLACK.
IT HELPS.
IT'S SLIMMING.
>> Stephen: IS IT REALLY?
>> AND TRACK SUIT.
YOU'RE SAYING, "HE IS WEARING A
TRACK SUIT.
HE MUST BE FIT."
I PUT ON WEIGHT.
I PUT ON, I DON'T KNOW, 10
POUNDS OVER THE LAST YEAR.
I'M LOSING THE BATTLE.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: WELL, I--
>> I DON'T CARE.
>> Stephen: I WANTED TO ASK
YOU ABOUT THAT, BECAUSE I THINK
YOU DO LOOK GOOD, ESPECIALLY
COMPARED TO THIS PHOTO YOU PUT
UP THREE DAYS-- THREE DAYS AGO,
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: THIS IS A PHOTO
YOU PUT UP.
YOU PUT THIS PHOTO UP THREE DAYS
AGO.
( LAUGHTER )
WHY-- WHY WOULD DO YOU THIS TO
YOURSELF?
WHY PUT THIS PHOTO UP?
>> I PUT THAT UP AND I SAID, "I
PUT ON FIVE POUNDS OVER
CHRISTMAS.
PLEASE FAT-SHAME ME."
AND THEY DID.
>> Stephen: PEOPLE WERE
HELPFULLY CRUEL.
>> THEY WERE SAYING THINGS LIKE,
"HOW DO YOU GET RICKY GERVAIS
INTO A SHOWER?
GREASE THE SIDES AND THROW IN A
COOKIE."
( LAUGHTER )
YEAH, SO IT-- SOMEONE SAID, "IT
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE GIVING BIRTH
TO YOURSELF."
( LAUGHTER )
SOMEONE WAS --
>> Stephen: THAT'S DEEP.
>> SOMEONE WAS REALLY POSITIVE.
THEY SAID, "LOOK AT IT THIS WAY,
YOU'RE HARDER TO KIDNAP.
( LAUGHTER )
THAT'S GREAT.
REALLY-- THEY STRUGGLE, "MY
BACK'S GONE.
LEAVE IT, FORGET IT."
>> Stephen: DONALD TRUMP'S
PHYSICIAN JUST SAID HE'S IN
EXCELLENT HEALTH, 6'3", 239
POUNDS.
>> I'M GOING TO THAT DOCTOR.
>> Stephen: WHO MIGHT THE
DOCTOR SAY ABOUT YOU?
>> I HAVE A PHYSICAL EVERY YEAR
AND IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME.
I MEAN, I HAVE EVERYTHING NOW.
I'M IN MY 50s I HAD THE... AND
THE FINGER EVERYTHING AND,
RIGHT.
YEAH.
AND THEY SAY, "WELL, YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE SLIGHTLY-- A LITTLE BIT
OVERWEIGHT."
AND THEY'RE DOING IT NICELY, YOU
KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
AND THEY G, SO WHAT ARE WE GOING
TO DO ABOUT IT?"
AND I SAY, "WHAT DO YOU MEAN
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT
IT?
YOU'RE THE DOCTOR."
IF I TAKE MY CAR TO THE
MECHANICAC AND HE GOES, "IT'S
BROKEN.
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO."
YOU'RE GOING TO FIX IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
IF DONALD TRUMP IS HEALTHY, I'M
HEALTHY.
HE'S LIKE MY CANARY IN THE MINE.
THERE WAS A STORY IN ENGLAND
ABOUT A GUY WHO WENT TO THE
DOCTOR BECAUSE HE WAS OUT OF
BREATH.
AND IT WAS BECAUSE HE WAS SO
CONSTIPATED THAT IT WAS PUSHING
HIS LUNGS UP, RIGHT.
SO I'M-- IF I DID THAT, I'D SAY,
"I'M NOT GOING TO GO TO THE
TOILET NOW."
I'D SAY, "YOU'RE THE DOCTOR, GET
IN THERE WITH A SPOON.
GET IT OUT.
SORT ME OUT.
I'M NOT GONNA--" AT THAT POINT,
I THINK I'D HAVE A CESAREAN.
I WOULDN'T-- I WOULDN'T-- I
WOULDN'T GO THROUGH THE PAIN.
SO, YEAH --
>> Stephen: YOU'VE BEEN FIT,
THOUGH.
HAVEN'T WE HAD "FIT RICKY?"
>> I'VE BEEN FIT.
>> Stephen: IN YOUR FAMOUS
PROFESSIONAL CAREER, YOU'VE HAD
WAVES OF FITNESS.
>> I WAS FIT FOR THE FIRST 28
YEARS, I'D SAY.
AND THEN I GOT-- I THINK I GOT
FATTER AND FATTER OVER 20 YEARS,
RIGHT.
AND I REACHED MY SORT OF PEAK OF
SORT OF UNWELLNESS AND
BLOBBINESS ABOUT 48.
I WAS LYING AT HOME ON THE
FLOOR, RIGHT, AND I WAS SAYING
TO JANE, "I'M HAVING A HEART
ATTACK."
AND I FELT SORT-- HOT AND CLAMMY
BECAUSE I'D EATEN 11 SAUSAGES,
RIGHT?
( LAUGHTER )
AND I WASN'T HAVING A HEART
ATTACK, BUT JANE SAID, "YOU HAVE
TO GET FIT."
SO I SORT OF GOT FIT BUT IT'S
CREEPING BACK ON.
I DID IT BY WORKING OUT.
I WORKED OUT AN HOUR AND A HALF
EVERY DAY LIKE ROCKY SO I COULD
GO HOME AND EAT PIZZA AND DRINK
BEER EVERY NIGHT.
AND I STILL DO THAT AND I'M
GOING TO GET FATTER AND FATTER
AND I'M GOING TO DIE.
>> Stephen: SO IT HAS A HAPPY
ENDING.
>> YEAH, EVERYONE DOES DIE.
>> Stephen: EVERYONE DOES DIE,
YEAH.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> THIS HAS BROUGHT THE TONE
DOWN A BIT.
>> Stephen: A LITTLE BIT.
A LITTLE BIT.
YOU MADE QUITE A SPLASH OVER THE
YEARS HOSTING THE GOLDEN GLOBES.
HOW MANY TIMESES?
>> FOUR.
>> Stephen: FOUR TIMES, AGO.
THIS YEAR WAS KIND OF--
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THEY'RE APPLAUDING THE NUMBER
FOUR.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: AND THIS YEAR WAS
A VERY PROMINENT YEAR FOR THE
GOLDEN GLOBES.
I THINK SETH DID A REALLY LOVELY
JOB.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: BUT A LOT OF
PEOPLE WHEN THEY WERE WRITING
ABOUT IT GIVEN THE #METOO, OR
THE "TIME'S UP" MOVEMENT, THANK
GOD RICKY GERVAIS DIDN'T HOST IT
THIS YEAR.
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN TOO
IRREVERENT.
OR, "I WISH HE HAD BECAUSE WE
WOULD HAVE SEEN MORE
IRREVERENCE."
WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE DONE?
>> I WAS JEALOUS OF SETH.
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN AMAZING.
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN THE END OF MY
CAREER.
>> Stephen: BUT WE ALL DIE.
>> RIGHT, IT DOESN'T MATTER, I'M
GOING TO DIE SOON.
HONESTLY, IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I THINK THAT'S WHY I'VE DONE THE
BEST STAND-UP EVER BECAUSE I'M
SO CLOSE TO DEATH THAT I THINK
WHAT'S THE WORST THAT CAN HAPPEN
TO ME?
I MEAN, SOMEONE BEING OFFENDED
NOW IS NOTHING.
"SO WHAT?
I'M GOING TO DIE."
>> Stephen: WERE THERE THINGS
YOU WANTED TO TALK ABOUT-- IT'S
A VERY SENSITIVE SUBJECT.
>> THE MORE SENSITIVE, THE
BETTER.
THAT'S THE FUN FOR ME, TALKING
ABOUT IRREVERENT AND SENSITIVE
AND TABOO SUBJECTS.
THERE'S NO SUBJECT YOU SHOULDN'T
JOKE ABOUT.
IT DEPENDS ON THE ALL JOKE AND
TARGET.
AND PEOPLE GET OFFENDED WHEN
THEY MISTAKE THE SUBJECT OF JOKE
AND THE ALL TARGET AND THEY'RE
NOT NECESSARILY THE SAME.
SOME PEOPLE ARE OFFENDED FINE.
JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE OFFENDED
DOESN'T MEAN YOU'RE RIGHT.
SOME PEOPLE ARE OFFENDED BY
EQUALITY.
YOUR PRESIDENT, HE'S OFFENDED BY
IT DOESN'T MEAN HE'S RIGHT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ).
>> Stephen: THE-- THIS-- I
HAVE TO ASK, YOU'RE WEARING ALL
BLACK.
THAT'S VERY WOKE OF YOU.
IS THAT-- IS THAT IN SOLIDARITY
WITH ANYONE?
>> NO, BECAUSE IT'S SLIMMING.
THAT'S ALL IT IS.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: I'M GOING TO MOVE
YOUR MIC DOWN SLIGHTLY, IF YOU
DON'T MIND, IT'S CAUGHT IN
YOUR--
>> ABUSE.
THIS IS ABUSE.
>> Stephen: IT'S CAUGHT IN
YOUR NEC.
>> OH, THAT ONE AGAIN.
YEAH, YEAH.
BUT DID I REALLY NEED THE ONE ON
MY TESTICLES YOU PUT ON EARLIER.
YOU SAID IT'S GOING GOODFOR PICK
UP THE BASS.
IS THAT TRUE?
IS THAT A REAL THING.
>> Stephen: YEAH, YEAH.
>> REALLY.
>> Stephen: THE SUBWOULD HAVER
IS WHAT WE CALL IT.
>> WHICH IS WHAT I CALL YOU NOW.
>> Stephen: WOULD YOU CARE TO
WOOF ME SUB?
>> NONE OF THIS WILL GO OUT.
>> Stephen: YOU CREATED A GAME
SHOW.
IT'S CALLED "CHILD SUPPORT."
WHY AND WHAT AND IF YOU HAVE
TIME WHERE?
>> IT'S LIKE A CLASSIC GAME SHOW
WITH A TWIST.
"WHO WANTS TO BE A MILLIONAIRE."
MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC ANSWER
QUESTIONS FOR THE MONEY AND THE
MONEY GETS BIGGER.
>> Stephen: YOU'RE THE HOST?
>> I'M NOT THE HOST.
THAT'S TOO MUCH RESPONSIBILITY
PMEN.FRED SAVAGE IS THE HOST.
IF THEY GET A QUESTION WRONG, IT
GOES TO ME IN A ROOM WITH SIX,
SEVEN- AND EIGHT-YEAR-OLDS.
I ASK THEM QUESTIONS, AND IF ONE
GETS THE QUESTION RIGHT, THE
ADULT IS SAVED.
IT'S FUN FOR ME.
THEY INSULT ME.
THEY DON'T RESPECT ME, WHICH I
LIKE.
THAT'S GOOD.
IT'S A GOOD THING.
I WAS-- ONE LITTLE GIRL SAID,
"ARE YOU MARRIED?
AND I SAID, "SORT OF.
I'VE BEEN WITH THE SAME
GIRLFRIEND FOR OVER 30 YEARS."
AND SHE WENT, "WHY DON'T YOU
PROPOSE TO HER, THEN?"
GIVING ME A HARD TIME.
AND THEY SAY THINGS LIKE, "WE
CAN SEE YOUR BALD SPOT."
AND I JUST LAUGH.
IT'S JUST FUNNY.
IT'S PURE FUN.
>> Stephen: DO YOU HAVE
CHILDREN OF YOUR OWN?
>> I DON'T, NO.
I DON'T KNOW, NO.
BUT THIS IS THE BEST OF BOTH
WORLDS, I CAN HAVE FUN WITH
THEM, GET THEM RILED UP, TEASE
THEM, LAUGH, AND THEN I SAY,
"THEY'RE NOT MINE," AND GO TO
THE PUB.
SOMEONE ELSE'S PROBLEM.
IT'S PERFECT.
>> Stephen: I HAVE TO TRY
THAT.
I HAVE TO TRY, THAT YEAH.
SO WHAT KIND OF QUESTIONS ARE
YOU HITTING THESE KIDS WITH?
ARE THEY REALLY TOUGH?
>> THEY GET TOUGHER.
BUT IT MIGHT BE A TOP QUESTION
THE ADULT DOESN'T KNOW,
SOMETHING ABOUT DISNEY.
THEY'VE BEEN SAVED-- WITHOUT
GIVING TOO MUCH AWAY-- BY
ASTRONOMY QUESTIONS.
SOME OF THEM ARE LITTLE GENIUSS.
BUT THEY'RE ALL SORT OF SWEET
AND ALL DIFFERENT.
IT'S JUST FUNNY.
IT'S JUST FUN TOW WATCH THEM.
I COULD JUST SIT THERE ALL DAY
BECAUSE THERE'S NO FILTER.
THEY'RE JUST SO HONEST.
THAT'S WHAT IS SO FUNNY ABOUT
IT.
I THINK HONESTY IS FUNNY.
>> Stephen: CHILDREN ARE
UNFILTERED.
THEY'RE UNFILTERED, YEAH.
WE HAVE TALKED OFTEN WHEN YOU'RE
ON HERE-- AND I LOVE IT WHEN
YOU'RE ON, WE TALKED SEVERAL
TIMES, YOU TALK ABOUT GOD
SEVERAL TIMES.
IT'S BEEN NINE MONTHS SINCE THE
LAST TIME YOU WERE ON AND WE'RE
THAT MUCH CLOSER TO ME.
>> NOT JUST ME, THE WHOLE WORLD.
>> Stephen: THE WORLD.
AND PEOPLE OFTEN, AS THE SAYING
GOES, FIND GOD AS THEY APPROACH
THEIR FINAL BOARDS.
AND NOW THAT YOU'RE OLDER, HAS
IT OCCURRED TO YOU AGAIN, HAVE
YOU GIVEN ANY MORE THOUGHT TO
GOD AND WHETHER HE MIGHT BE
REAL?
>> UH, YEAH, I THINK ABOUT IT
EVERY DAY.
>> Stephen: YEAH.
>> YEAH, HE'S NOT.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THERE WAS A
STUDY-- THIS WAS A STUDY
ACTUALLY I JUST READ THE
HEADLINE, BUT IT WAS JUST LAST
WEEK, BUT THERE WAS A STUDY IN
ENGLAND THAT THEY TOOK A SURVEY
OF EIGHTHESTS AND THEY SAID,
"WHEN YOU THINK DEATH IS
IMMINENT, ONE QUARTER OF THE
RESPONDENTS WHO SAID THEY WERE
ATHEISTS SAID THEY PRAYED.
WOULD YOU PRAY?
>> NO.
>> Stephen: LIKE IF YOU'RE IN
HAWAII, LIKE HAWAII, WHEN THE
MISSILES ARE COMING.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: OR YOU THINK THE
MISSILES ARE COME AGO.
>> OH, THEY HAD A 38-MINUTE
WARNING.
>> Stephen: A 38-MINUTE
WARNING, A MILLION PEOPLE IN
HAWAII THOUGHT FOR 38 MINUTES,
THE BOMB WAS COMING, WHAT WOULD
YOU DO WITH YOUR 38 MINUTES?
>> I'D WATCH THE FIRST HALF OF
MY NETFLIX SPECIAL.
( LAUGHTER )
IT STREAMS ON THE 13th OF
MARCH.
SO --
>> Stephen: OH, OKAY.
>> I THINK SO.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL GO OUT WITH--
SOME PEOPLE WOULD SAY, "I'M
GOING TO HAVE SEX."
38 MINUTES WHAT, WOULD YOU DO
WITH THE REST OF THE TIME?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I SUGGEST YOU WATCH MY SPECIAL.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
JUST HAVE IT CUED UP ALL THE
TIME.
>> WHILE MASTURBATING.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Stephen: SO CLOSE, SO CLOSE
TO A HAPPY ENDING.
RICKY, IT WAS SO LOVELY TO SEE
YOU AGAIN.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
"CHILD SUPPORT" AIRS FRIDAYS ON
ABC.
PLUS THE NETFLIX THING, MARCH
13.
RICKY GERVAIS, EVERYBODY!